FRW-8335 Spryker module development documentation. (#2705)
spryker/spryker-docs: docs/dg/dev/third-party-module-development/ensure-compatibility.md

---
title: Ensure compatibility
description: Ensure compatibility
last_updated: Jun 7, 2024
template: howto-guide-template

---

## Code compatibility
Steps how to ensure code compatibility with latest Spryker releases:

> **1.** Decide which demoshop is most relevant for your module testing, choose one of:

Reviewer: for testing your module

> - https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-[shop](https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml)

Reviewer 2: are links here ok?

- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-marketplace
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-marketplace

> **2.** Add to you module CI pipeline that does the following thing:

Reviewer: your module a CI

Author: It will mean the different thing than, i would leave it as it is. What do you think?

- Pulls the latest tag from the demoshop (One from the list above)
- Installs your module with composer (in the version that you want to test, e.g. if we run CI on specific branch, specific branch should be used)
- Apply all the changes on demoshop project level that are necessary to fully integrate your module.

> - Run all the demoshop tests, the same way as done in your demoshop CI https://github.com/spryker-shop/{chosen-demoshop-name}/blob/master/.github/workflows/* (As example for b2c demoshop see [ci.yml](https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop/blob/master/.github/workflows/ci.yml) and [robot-ui-e2e-tests.yml](https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop/blob/master/.github/workflows/robot-ui-e2e-tests.yml)

Reviewer 2: Not sure if I get this part.
We propose to run our CI workflow? Is it going to test 3rd party vendor modules? I guess we need to mention that codeception files should be adjusted/added

---
title: Ensure compatibility
description: Ensure compatibility
last_updated: Jun 7, 2024
template: howto-guide-template
related:
  - title: Go to the Next Step.
    link: docs/dg/dev/third-party-module-development/drive-usage-and-support-with-problems.html
---

## Code compatibility
Steps how to ensure code compatibility with latest Spryker releases:

**1.** Decide which demoshop is most relevant for testing your module, choose one of:
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-marketplace
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-marketplace

**2.** Install your module:

> - Pulls the latest tag from the demoshop (One from the list above)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Pull the latest tag from the demoshop (One from the list above)
```

> - Installs your module with composer (in the version that you want to test, e.g. if we run CI on specific branch, specific branch should be used)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Install your module with Composer. Use the version that you want to test, e.g. if you run CI on a specific branch, this branch has to be used as the module package's version constraint
```

title: Ensure compatibility
description: Ensure compatibility
last_updated: Jun 7, 2024
template: howto-guide-template
related:
  - title: Go to the Next Step.
    link: docs/dg/dev/third-party-module-development/drive-usage-and-support-with-problems.html
---

## Code compatibility
Steps how to ensure code compatibility with latest Spryker releases:

**1.** Decide which demoshop is most relevant for testing your module, choose one of:
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-shop
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2c-demo-marketplace
- https://github.com/spryker-shop/b2b-demo-marketplace

**2.** Add to you module CI pipeline that does the following thing:
- Pulls the latest tag from the demoshop (One from the list above)
- Installs your module with composer (in the version that you want to test, e.g. if we run CI on specific branch, specific branch should be used)
- Apply all the changes on demoshop project level that are necessary to fully integrate your module.
- Adjust all `codeception*` files in cloned demoshops main folder to include your module (make sure that your module also contains `codeception.yml` file)
```yaml
include:

>     - vendor/your-company-name/your-module-name/Bundles/*/*

Author: Remove `Bundles`
